[feat] Introduce environment variables for controlling system auto-detection (#2444)
eth-cscs/reframe: docs/manpage.rst

      ================================== ==================

.. envvar:: RFM_AUTODETECT_METHOD

   Method to detect the system.

   There is only one method defined

   - ``hostname``: The system will be detected by finding its hostname.

   .. table::
      :align: left

      ================================== ==================
      Associated command line option     N/A
      Associated configuration parameter N/A
      ================================== ==================

   .. versionadded:: 3.12.0

.. envvar:: RFM_AUTODETECT_FQDN

>    Use FQDN as host name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the fully qualified domain name as the host name.
```

   .. table::
      :align: left

      ================================== ==================
      Associated command line option     N/A
      Associated configuration parameter N/A
      ================================== ==================

   .. versionadded:: 3.12.0

.. envvar:: RFM_AUTODETECT_XTHOSTNAME

>    Use Cray's xthostname file to find the host name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If present, use Cray's `/etc/xthostname` file to retrieve the current system's name.
```
